+++
title = "twilight soap opera"
date = 2022-04-11
+++

this dream was about twilight, as in the vampire x human movie series with kristin stewart and robert pattinson, but set in a strange soap opera of some kind.

bella swan was a psychic trying to pass her bar exam to become a lawyer after giving up her dreams of becoming an architect. edward cullen was portrayed as more of a charismatic douchebag and everyone around treated him accordingly: like he was a douchebag, and rightfully so. he was hypnotizing people to do his bidding, you know, as a megalomaniac would do.

i don't remember *how* they meet, but i remember that bella was depressed when edward meets her. so edward, being the opportunistic bastard he was, tried to strike up a deal with her, but bella was very skeptical of him and refused after seeing that he was... i think hypnotizing a grandma by implenting some delusion that she was the empress of the world? yeah, i don't know either.

edward then started chasing her into those indoor playgrounds you see in some fast food restaurants. but bella made an illusion of herself and just kept clowning on edward the entire chase, it was great. by the time edward caught up to her illusion, bella was already back on her way to study for her bar exam.

at some point in the dream, bella met up with an old friend (who was not jacob) who revealed to her that edward was actually a cursed, eldritch, alien robot creature attempting to take over the universe. the friend was tasked to keep edward in line by fusing with him? but now edward was aware of this and was trying to get out. he was targeting bella because he thought she had the power to release him from his prison or something?

and then i woke up.